---
title: "Girl, you always start with friends"
date: 2026-05-18T07:00:00+08:00
draft: false
---


Girls take on a lot in life, especially those who's given high expectations either from their parents or from themselves. 我是中国来的孩子，I'm from China so it happens a lot that we're given really high pressure from our parents. I think the first step to "make this better" is to have friends who "slow you down". Personally for me, fortunately, I was not impressed with only making friends with Asians when I first got into college. As a person originally not from the USA, I was not socially responsible to bind myself with hanging out with Asians. Many people who're originally from China likes to only, I meant only hang out with people originally from China and not bounded by ethnicities. I think that's alright now, but before I actually viewed this as a form of "xenophobia" from the Chinese people's side. I mean it doesn't sound cool back then, but what I did was hanging out with a lot of American friends on top of my mandantory hangout with Chinese people. Eventually I met a group of white people who now I'll call them affectionately "my smoker friends" who sort of just was with me till now. 

Ok, what I meant by that was they were a group of chill and cool AF dudes and dudettes. I feel like they always feel like I'm too intense and unable to relax until now, because I was like that for a long time in the beginning, but all I cared about before was to be one of them. I think they see what was happening and maintained firm boundary while still hanged out with me like I was one of those studying abroad kid in high school. I mean they were cool af. I think I made them lowkey uncomfortable consistently for awhile, but they stayed my friend just by always showing up. For that, I'll always be grateful (even if they don't know how actually grateful I am to them).

After hanging out with them for awhile, I learned to slow down and live a comfortable life. I mean I went through a LOT. I went to the hospital 3 times and spent around 2 years with them until I actually learned to chill the fuck out. Then I had the mental power to control my pace of life, which is another story. That's when I got married (we're separated now) and rewired my entire neural system to be super relaxed. I think the best thing of being able to sit with just friendships is that you don't chase relationships anymore. It first starts with loving yourself, spending time alone, then it expands to having great friendships, then later a good enough romantic relationship, then love, sex, other good friends, all the good stuff in life. 