---
title: "About eating"
date: 2026-05-11T07:00:00+08:00
draft: false
---

I personally think eating can reflect a lot about a person. First let's talk about if a person likes eating or not. If she likes eating, then chances are they don't mind things that much. There're people who likes eating, foodies, and there're people who can't eat that much. I love people who can't eat that much. They probably love ordering lattes, which further make them not want to eat. They probably have sentimental issues, either don't eat a lot throughout the day or order enough and survive on that throughout. I'll share one secret: if you've touched drugs, chances are you like eating especially every time after you touched it, like hot dogs. There's probably some science behind it, but I don't really know. 

Now let's talk about different preference of food. I think it's interesting how there're two different cooks, one type likes to cook really fancy meals and don't cook that much. They like to try new, creative meals or meals that're very complicated and where the steps need to be strictly followed, like lasagna from scratch. They probably have their own system of making food too. And there're those who's a good cook but likes to "estimate" things, focuses on making food relatively fast and making it taste good, mostly homely. I don't have specific opinions on these two different types, just think the observation about the two is interesting.

I don't have much to say about people who likes different genres of food. Personally I really like Indian food. If you ask me whether I like mainland Chinese food or Taiwanese food, I'll definitely have to say my preference has changed to Taiwanese food because it's much lighter and still extremely tasty. I'm Chinese, so I have to talk about Chinese food. Related is about how people from different culture think of food from their own culture. Personally if you don't like eating food from your own culture, I don't trust you that much. If you don't like food, you dislike them equally - why do you specifically hate food from your own culture? That's a bit werid to me. Regardless, most Caucasians just prefers Italian food for no reason. I think it's because they just like generically good-tasting food. If they go to a French restaurant, they'll likely order a steak stripe out of anything they could get. I mean, you specifically came to a French restaurant, at least get something that you can't get from an American steakhouse, for god's sake. I can't tolerate white people's weird attachment to things they're faimilar with for real. This goes beyond food, towards traveling and openness to new things in general. The weird pride they take in insisting on the things they're faimilar with is an actual problem against personal growth in my opinion. 

Anayways these are my rants about food. Apparently I have a lot of them. I'm glad I could tell them in a very digestable way really fast (it took me about 25min).

