---
title: "How to take care of your mental health"
date: 2026-06-13T07:00:00+08:00
draft: false
---


I have bipolar 1.

I've been having it since 2019. My first trigger was my mom, when she suddenly paid me a visit across the globe to Budapest when I was studying abroad because she "worries about" me. In reality she just stresses me out with all the things she thinks will help me but really are just a pain in the ass for me. Bipolar 1 is when usually you're like a normal person, and from time to time you stay up late and get an "episode" where you become hyper, your nerve system become highly active, or so active that you can't slow down. Your brain gets drained and you become exhausted, but you still don't want to calm down. You basically stop functioning without a plan to get back up. My mom is a traditional Chinese parent and she'll demand me to do various things, like "you need to sleep RIGHT NOW" which only works in reverse. In reality, I just need to take my meds which calms my mood and induce me to sleep. 

Over the years, I've found a surprising ingredient to my type of disorder: love. Because my nerve system needs to be calmed, whenever people showed me acceptance and understanding when I was in an episode, I'd be able to calm down myself without going to the hospital. I need someone to tell me I'm good enough, and that I only need sleep and I'll be alright. A lot of the times the episode comes with a lot of distrusts and paranoia, a little reassurance can make that goes away in a snap. I need a gentle and caring person to be nice to me, that seems to be the best anecdote that I need, even when I don't even know I need it. 

I always say I sort of rewired my entire nerve system, because my ex-husband is a gentle and caring person and during our marriage of 3 years he never failed to remind me to take my meds and make it my homework to do it. Like all homeworks, I didn't always like it. My meds sometimes induce sleep for a long time and I won't be able to get up on time to do other stuff. Plus I have a bit of a depression so it makes it hard for me to wake up. Lastly, I also have a lot of baggage from my early years, which gives me repeated bad dreams. I made it my duty to always drag myself up and start the day. With my ex-husband's help, I was able to transform my mind that was full of heavy emotions to one that's light and optimisitic. 

That's not to say I'm completely free of my dark side. After I lift up from my baggages, I found that I'm genuinely an extravert and want to do things despite being tired. This is still bad but kind of better than before because I'm only just having fun. Nevertheless, I still need to eventually take my meds and go to sleep. It doesn't really send me to the hospital anymore, but the problem is I'll sleep for a long time and my schedules are all messed up. It gets better when I have a set schedule that I have to follow, but I still haven't yet figured out a way to deal with it.  

If you have mental health issues, I hope this article find you well. I think the first step towards healing is to make friendships, like I've said in this essay [(Girl, you always starts with friends)](https://alexxsanio.github.io/posts/2025-05-18-girl-you-always-start-with-friends/). Then their love, people who caare about you and your partner help you grow into a better version of yourself. Surround yourself with people with good energy, do what you love, know what you lack and specifically care for those are all advices I'd give someone who's struggling with mental health. 

I'd say my case is a bit different from others. I really am usually just like a normal people. It is a disorder, as a fact, so I still gets disabilities in my regular life due to not being able to perform as well as regular people. I'm very well medicated and adjusted, so I'm much better than most. However, others, for example those who has bipolar 2, still suffer from the symptoms on a regular basis. I expect their experience and advices needed to be a bit different from mine, but the general guideline of surrounding yourself with good energy, friends, family and loved ones must not be wrong. Some people find it manipulative, or the relationship fake to intentionally operate like this. This is fair, but let me ask you this question: are you harming them? If you need help, seeking help is what you should do. It is not wrong to ask for help, as long as it is mutual and the other person is not coerced to do it. In fact, you'll find that a lot of people would be more than happy to spend extra time with you and accompany you through your journey. I personally think helping people is human nature because it makes themselves feel good. 

So go out there, don't be afraid to be vulnerable. Be honest with yourself. If you need improvement on a specific area, you need attention to that specific aspect of your life. First face what you need to do, then don't be afraid to take time to grieve and work on it. Self-growth is a spiral pointing upward, with a lot of support, care and love that you will get from people surrounding you.  