---
title: "How to take care of your mental health"
date: 2026-06-13T07:00:00+08:00
draft: true
---


My college application got me into a private top 30 US university and my personal essay is about travel. 

Since I was in middle school I've been traveling. I've been to more than twenty cities in France, Germany, Croatia, Cezh Republic, Swiss, Spain, Italy and Japan before the age of 18. Because of my extensive experiences, I don't get a lot of people's travel anxiety and I don't get sick in transportations. In fact, transportations are a source of my enjoyment. We walked a lot during traveling, visited castles, historical figures' homes, historical sites, small thrift stores scattered in EU's small valleys, flea markets, and also touristy sites. My favorite place is the plaza you see when you exited the subway from the train station in Munich, the sun penetrate the moist, ample chill air, the giant gothic cathedral stand timelessly on the side of the plaza, and flocks of pigeons either roams around the plaza or suddenly fly up and cover up the sky. 


I didn't get to enjoy it until I later grew up. My mom always travels with me before that and she put a lot of pressure on the otherwise supposed to be fun trip. I'm a social person and would talk to anyone I met during the trip. I love doing it because I get to know different persons and their personality. It's part of the experience. I also love going on a random trip to a destination that's not in the plan, which has never occurred to be something to do in my mom's mind. To me, "traveling" was just walking all day, hitting all the places we planned to go as a job and eating in between. I didn't know the meaning of doing that, and I especially explored this in my college application essay. Back then, I thought it's up to person who're traveling to make an experience out of it. 

As I grew more mature, I learned to loosen up and go with the flow. This makes traveling much more fun. I went to NYC this summer, and I accidentally met someone I know in the subway. We didn't get a chance to meet because we just followed the crowd to whereever we're supposed to be, but I went up to Time Square because I felt like it was a special moment. I'm not particularly impressed by the Time Sqaure. I thought the lights there looked nice. However, I spotted a black, old person sitting quietly on the side of the street with an empty chair across the chess board in front of him. As a gamer, I can't resist sitting down and see what he has to offer. It turns out he's a chess tutor and was sitting there to play chess if you donate money rated by minutes. I spent 40 dollars playing chess with them, impressing him my good memory of the foundamentals, my good castle timing and my ending checkmate move that's elegant. He played me the classic game in chess history and praised that I chose the more elegant ending than the one that moves more and positioned worse. This experience made me feel really good. 


I've had other experiences in NYC. I went to the governer's ball last year during the summer, and it was super difficult to find the spot. I ended up walking 1hr and a half just to get there. It's in a distant spot in a park. The google map first pointed to a trail besides the park, so me and another girl I met who was also misled hiked together around a lake just so that we can uber to the parking lot of the park. She met with her friends and we parted. I remember her name was Megan or something. Then I had to turn 3 times to go to the other corner of the map, which is interesting on its own seeing horses that's alive during the process. The concert itself was a lot of fun, I get to see a lot of indie bands and RAYE who were absolutely phenomenal. There were a lot of bright and striking decorations and I hopped around trying to find the places each artist have. I was fortunate enough to see Clairo on the spot. I absolutely love her music and she was so pretty on the stage. There were some pushy people in the crowd, but they ended up moving away. It started raining in the middle and in my point of view just made everything even more romantic. 


I recently went to LA. When I went to one of the bars I met a group of cool people who were playing pool there. They had very interesting makeups on and was super chill. When talking to them, I had the idea to take the bus to SF. We chatted and they send me off to my hotel, where I then booked a ticket and went on a impromptu trip the next day. Ever since I was young I loved traveling by bus. American buses have enough leg room, they have good AC and it's quiet. I took a bunch of pictures along the trip and enjoyed a lot of good musics. In SF, I played badminton at Union Square with a little girl and we went to Fisherman's Warf to eat In n' Out. SF was beautiful as usual, with its historical buildings and retro city trains. The day I was at there was particularly sunny, and I went to ride a Ferris wheel by myself. At night, I went to a pool game bar again and saw a group of homegirls. We went to another bar at Chinatown where a few middle aged Chinese men were playing gambling games. There were supposed to be Karaoke there but they were almost closed. After a few drinks and talking to them, we left to go to my hotel for the TV because then we can play musics and sing. They really wanted breakfast, but I had an early flight out so the adventure ended there. 


My new travel memories are full of adventures. This is how travel's supposed to be: fun, exciting and full of surprises. 


